Jaden:
LAST TIME ON...
Yubel: NOW LET'S FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED.
HMM.
JADEN, I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOK IN YOUR EYES.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT ME, SYRUS.
I UNDERSTAND WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I HAVE TO USE THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING.
HE'S A PART OF ME,
AND I'M A PART OF HIM,
AND TOGETHER, WE'RE
GOING TO DEFEAT YOU.
THINK AGAIN.
SAY HELLO
TO TERROR INCARNATE.
IT'S TIME
YOU MET YOUR FATE.
THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN. HA!
HEY, JESSE, I'M SORRY I
GOT YOU INTO THIS MESS,
BUT KNOW I PLAN ON
MAKING IT UP TO YOU
BY WINNING THIS!
NOW, PRISMA,
WITH THE POWER
THAT YOU POSSESS,
I TRANSFORM YOU
INTO JESSE'S
MOST POWERFUL BEAST...
RAINBOW DRAGON.
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO STOP ME.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT NOW I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION,
AND I FUSE
RAINBOW DRAGON
AND NEOS
SO THAT I CAN CALL UPON
THE MIGHTY RAINBOW NEOS.
THIS FUSION OF
FRIENDSHIP
IS GOING
TO CONQUER YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YUBEL, YOUR
TERROR INCARNATE
IS NO MATCH FOR THE
POWER OF MY MONSTER.
MY RAINBOW NEOS HAS
3 SPECIAL ABILITIES,
AND TO ACTIVATE
ONE OF 'EM,
I JUST SEND A CARD FROM
MY DECK TO MY GRAVE,
AND THEN EVERY CARD
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD MUST
RETURN TO YOUR DECK.
EVERY CARD?
WELL, AT LEAST YOU'RE FORCED
TO GIVE UP SOMETHING, TOO.
THAT'S RIGHT, SO
I SEND MY NECROSHADE
TO THE GRAVE.
RRGH...
WAS THAT
A GOOD MOVE?
WITH NO CARDS
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
YUBEL'S LOTUS
CAN'T RESURRECT,
SO, YEAH, THAT
WAS A GOOD MOVE.
SHE CAN'T ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
WHICH MEANS NEOS
IS SAFE FOR NOW.
THAT'S
FANTASTIC.
[CHATTERS]
REALLY?
HUH?
IT'S JADEN.
LOOKS LIKE
MY RAINBOW DRAGON
HELPED HIM.
HMM.
JADEN, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT AFTER ALL THIS TIME,
YOU STILL DON'T SEE
WHAT I'VE DONE FOR YOU,
AND FOR THAT,
I CAN'T FORGIVE YOU.
SOON YOU'LL SEE
THE ERROR OF YOUR WAYS.
AND SO WILL YOU.
I SEND ONE CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD
TO ACTIVATE THE ARM
HOLE SPELL CARD.
WITH THIS, I CAN NOW
CHOOSE ONE EQUIP
SPELL IN MY DECK
AND THEN ADD
THE CARD TO MY HAND.
IN EXCHANGE,
I CAN'T SUMMON
A MONSTER THIS TURN,
BUT I CAN ACTIVATE
MY RAINBOW VEIL,
AND I EQUIP THIS SPELL
TO MY RAINBOW NEOS...
AND SINCE I HAVE
THIS VEIL OF PROTECTION,
I'M SAFE TO ATTACK.
GO, RAINBOW
RADIANCE.
AH, DID YOU FORGET?
DAMAGE TO ME
BECOMES DAMAGE TO YOU.
NOT WITH
MY RAINBOW VEIL.
SEE, WITH ITS SHIELD
OF SECURITY,
NEOS CAN NEGATE
YOUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
ALL RIGHT!
WE MIGHT BE GOING
HOME AFTER ALL.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE
MY FACEDOWN...
THE TRAP FIEND ROSE.
WHEN EQUIPPED
TO MY MONSTER,
FIEND ROSE ALSO
SERVES AS A SHIELD.
IT PROTECTS MY YUBEL
TERROR INCARNATE
BY NEGATING ALL
THE BATTLE DAMAGE
YOUR PRECIOUS RAINBOW NEOS
CAN DISH OUT.
OH...
BUT SHOULD MY ROSE
LEAVE THE FIELD,
MY TERROR INCARNATE
HAS TO GO WITH IT.
UH... AAH!
AAH!
UH!
OH, WELL.
BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME.
THAT'S ASSUMING, OF COURSE,
THERE IS A NEXT TIME.
HUH.
THAT YUBEL HAS BEEN
ONE-UPPING JADEN
THIS WHOLE DUEL.
WELL, HOPEFULLY, HE'LL
BREAK HER DEFENSES SOON.
IF NOT, JADEN'S LIFE POINTS
DON'T STAND A CHANCE.
I END MY TURN.
AS YOU MUST.
I DRAW, AND SINCE
IT'S MY TURN AGAIN,
I CAN ACTIVATE THE POWER
OF MY SPELL CHRONICLE.
WITH 3 CARDS LEFT FOR YOU
TO CHOOSE FROM, JADEN,
WHICH ONE WILL IT BE?
HOW 'BOUT MYSTICAL
SPACE TYPHOON?
A MOST EXCELLENT PICK.
I'LL USE IT RIGHT AWAY,
AND WITH ITS POWER,
I'LL RENDER YOUR RAINBOW NEOS'
PROTECTION USELESS.
AAH!
OH, NO!
MY RAINBOW VEIL!
NOW WITH THAT
EQUIP SPELL LIFTED,
I CAN USE MY SPECIAL
ABILITY AGAIN.
DO YOU THINK I WANTED
ALL OF THIS TO HAPPEN?
WELL, I DIDN'T.
I JUST WANTED THE TWO OF US
TO BE TOGETHER, JADEN.
I WANTED TO PROTECT YOU
FOR ETERNITY.
YET YOU WOULDN'T LET ME.
I'M SO SORRY...
BUT YOU BROUGHT THIS FATE
UPON YOURSELF,
AND NOW, RAINBOW NEOS,
LET US FINISH THIS.
ATTACK ME WITH YOUR
RAINBOW RADIANCE,
AND TOGETHER, WE'LL SEND
JADEN OFF TO OBLIVION.
YOU SHOULDA SAVED
THE MENACING VICTORY
SPEECH, YUBEL,
'CAUSE I'M NOT
GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU SEE, IF I
TAKE NECRO GARDNA
OUT OF MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVE IT
FROM PLAY,
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR ATTACK.
UH! THIS DUEL IS OVER.
JUST ACCEPT IT.
WHEN THE LAST LIFE POINT
EXPIRES,
THAT'S WHEN THE DUEL
IS OVER, YUBEL.
SO ACCEPT THAT.
IT'S MY MOVE. I DRAW...
AND I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL FIFTH HOPE.
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN TAKE ALL
THE ELEMENTAL HEROES
FROM MY GRAVE AND
RETURN 'EM TO MY DECK.
Jaden: THEN I SHUFFLE
AND DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
SINCE YOU ACTIVATED
ANOTHER SPELL CARD,
SPELL CHRONICLE GAINS
ONE MORE UNIT OF POWER,
AND SO THE STORY
CONTINUES.
THEN LET ME
ADD A PLOT TWIST
BY SUMMONING
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
RAINBOW NEOS'
SECOND ABILITY.
BY SENDING CLAYMAN
TO MY GRAVE,
YOUR BEAST IS DESTROYED
AND REMOVED FROM
THE FIELD OF PLAY.
AH! WHAT?
IT'S NOT YOUR
LUCKY DAY, YUBEL,
'CAUSE THE ONLY
THING AT THE END
OF THIS RAINBOW
IS A WORLD OF HURT.
RAINBOW NEOS, RID
THE FIELD OF THAT
TERROR INCARNATE.
YUBEL, YOU'VE GOT NO
MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD,
NO TRAP OR SPELL CARDS.
EVEN YOUR GRAVEYARD
IS TOTALLY EMPTY.
LET'S STOP THIS
BEFORE I HURT YOU AGAIN.
BRING MY FRIENDS
BACK TO THIS
DIMENSION RIGHT NOW!
[CHUCKLES]
WHY WOULD I DO THAT,
WHEN YOU'VE JUST DESTROYED
MY TERROR INCARNATE?
WHEN THAT BEING IS DESTROYED,
A STRONGER FORM DESCENDS.
THE ULTIMATE NIGHTMARE
IS UPON YOU.
THE WHAT?
YOU HAVEN'T
DESTROYED ME, JADEN.
YOU'VE ONLY
MADE ME STRONGER.
AHH!
IF YOU ATTACK ME,
ALL DAMAGE WILL BE DEFLECTED.
MY WRATH WILL CONSUME
YOUR ATTACKING MONSTER,
AND THEN YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
WILL BE DEALT STRAIGHT TO YOU
AS LIFE POINT DAMAGE.
THAT'S BAD,
RIGHT?
YEAH.
THAT'S REALLY BAD.
Jaden: YUBEL,
I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
THE END HAS BEGUN...
[CHUCKLES]
AND SOON, JADEN,
YOU'LL FIND YOURSELF
IN THE DARKEST CORNER
OF THE DARKEST DIMENSION,
AND ONCE THERE, NO ONE WILL
HEAR YOUR CRIES OF AGONY...
NO ONE, THAT IS,
BUT ME!
AND NOW, RAINBOW NEOS,
TIME TO SEND YOUR FRIEND
TO OBLIVION.
I DON'T THINK SO 'CAUSE
I ACTIVATE THIS TRAP...
ALCHEMY CYCLE,
AND BECAUSE OF
THIS CARD'S EFFECT,
FOR THIS TURN,
RAINBOW NEOS' ATTACK
POINTS BECOME ZERO.
RRGH!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
WHY'D HE DO THAT?
THERE WAS NO WAY
TO SAVE RAINBOW NEOS.
THIS WAY, AT LEAST
JAY SAVED HIMSELF.
JADEN, AT IT AGAIN,
ARE WE?
JUST AS YOU
SENT ME AWAY,
YOU GO AND DO THE SAME
TO YOUR RAINBOW NEOS.
IS NO ONE SAFE THAT
DARES PROTECT YOU?
YUBEL, THE ONLY
THING NOT SAFE
ARE YOUR PRECIOUS
LIFE POINTS.
I SENT YOU AWAY
HOPING TO HELP YOU,
BUT THAT WAS THEN.
NOW, DUE TO MY
ALCHEMY CYCLE'S EFFECT,
I CAN DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
I'M UP, THEN.
USING MY
NECROSHADE'S ABILITY
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON OUT
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
WITHOUT A SACRIFICE,
SO HERE COMES
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS.
NEXT, I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
THIS IS IT.
MAN, I CAN'T WATCH.
COME ON.
JADEN NEEDS YOU,
SYRUS.
BUT IT WON'T
BE ENOUGH.
TRY ALL YOU WANT,
BUT IN THE END,
YOU WILL FAIL YOUR FRIENDS,
JUST AS YOU FAILED ME...
AND SOON, THE 12 DIMENSIONS
WILL FINALLY BECOME ONE.
AT THAT TIME, YOU WILL
FINALLY FEEL MY PAIN.
THE FLAMES ARE
CALLING YOUR NAME.
BASK IN THE FIRES
OF REVENGE.
UH-OH.
IF JAY CAN'T STOP THIS,
NEOS IS GONNA ATTACK,
AND JAY'LL LOSE.
UH!
JADEN, GIVING UP NOW
COULD SAVE YOU
CONSIDERABLE PAIN.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD LISTEN
TO YOUR OWN ADVICE.
I PLAY MIRAGE TUBE,
AND NOW THIS SPELL
ABSORBS YOUR
MONSTER'S BLAST
AND THEN LEAVES YOU
WIDE OPEN FOR
A COUNTERSTRIKE
FROM THE MONSTER
YOU ATTACKED.
GO, NEOS.
SHE CAN'T STOP US
THIS TIME.
AAH!
THIS'LL BE LOUD.
[EXPLOSION]
DID YOU SERIOUSLY
THINK I'D GIVE UP?
I'VE PLAYED ALL
YOUR SILLY GAMES.
I BROUGHT THE PAIN
TO YOUR DUEL GHOULS.
I TRAVELED TO
THIS DIMENSION.
I LEARNED TO CONTROL
THE SUPREME KING'S POWER,
AND NOW ALL THAT'S LEFT
IS TO FINISH YOU OFF.
BUT SHOULD YOU WIN,
WHO'LL PROTECT YOU?
PROTECT ME?
HAVEN'T YOU REALIZED
IT YET, JADEN?
I'VE ALWAYS STRIVED
TO SHELTER YOU FROM HARM,
EVEN IT MEANT HURTING
THOSE CLOSEST TO YOU,
AND I WON'T STOP,
NOT UNTIL YOU ARE SAFE
FROM EVERY EVIL,
AND TO ENSURE THAT,
I WILL CREATE A WORLD
FOR JUST YOU AND ME,
ONE WHERE YOU WILL BE PROTECTED
UNTIL THE TIME COMES
WHEN YOU MUST USE THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING
TO FIGHT THE GREAT EVIL.
YOU SEE, THERE'S
MORE TO THIS STORY
THAN YOU REALIZE.
JADEN! AAH!
WHAT'S THIS ALL ABOUT?
WHERE AM I?
OH...
IS THAT...
YUBEL, NOW LISTEN.
I MUST EXPLAIN
WHY YOU'RE HERE.
YES, SIR.
AT THE DAWN OF TIME,
THE UNIVERSE
WAS BORN OF LIGHT
AND DARK ENERGY.
AT FIRST, CHAOS AND EVIL
RULED THE WORLD UNDER
THE POWER OF LIGHT.
AFTER COUNTLESS MOONS
HAD PASSED,
THE DARK ENERGY
RESTORED ORDER
AND BANISHED THIS EVIL,
BUT, YUBEL, LIGHT WAVES
OF CHAOS AND EVIL
NOW SEAR THROUGH SPACE
LOOKING TO RETURN ONE DAY.
ONLY ONE PERSON
CAN STOP THEM,
THE ONE BORN
WITH THE POWER OF
THE SUPREME KING IN HIS HEART.
THE ONE IS HERE.
IT IS MY SON, THE PRINCE,
BUT HE'S A TEMPORARY
VESSEL FOR THE POWER.
IT SHALL PASS
THROUGH TIME.
AS IT DOES,
SOMEONE MUST FOLLOW
AND PROTECT THE VESSELS.
PLEASE, MY KING.
LET THAT PERSON BE ME.
SO SOME PRINCE
WAS THE SUPREME KING, TOO.
WHO WAS HE?
Man: YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO PROTECT
THE WILL OF THE SUPREME KING.
TO ENSURE YOUR MIGHT, YOU MUST
RECEIVE THE DRAGON'S HEART.
[DOOR OPENS]
HUH?
DON'T DO THIS.
THAT'S WEIRD.
THAT LOOKS LIKE ME.
STOP IT.
OH, MAN.
OW!
IT'S LIKE ME AND
YUBEL IN THE PAST
OR SOMETHING.
I REMEMBER.
WHY'D YOU DO THIS?
TELL ME.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
OF COURSE NOT,
BUT JUST KNOW
THAT I DID THIS
IN ORDER TO PROTECT YOU.
I WILL ALWAYS
PROTECT YOU.
OK, BUT THIS
DOESN'T SEEM FAIR.
YOU WERE MY FRIEND, BUT
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
I PROMISE NEVER
TO FORGET YOU,
TO ALWAYS KEEP YOU
BY MY SIDE.
Jaden: SYRUS.
RIGHT HERE.
GOOD. NOW LISTEN.
I GOTTA GO.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TAKE CARE OF.
WHAT?
WHEN YOU SEE EVERYONE,
TELL 'EM I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY
FOR EVERYTHING, COOL?
NO, NOT COOL!
IF I'M GOING BACK,
SO ARE YOU.
YOU CAN'T
STAY BEHIND.
WE HAVE TO GO BACK
TO OUR WORLD TOGETHER.
STAY BEHIND?
BUT WHY?
YOU GOTTA TRUST ME.
I MEAN, I HEAR YOU.
I REALLY WANNA GO CHILL
AT DUEL ACADEMY.
BUT I CAN'T, NOT NOW.
I'VE GOTTA HELP AN OLD FRIEND.
I'VE... I GOTTA HELP YUBEL.
HUH?
LATER, BRO.
JADEN, NO!
JADEN, COME BACK.
I CAN'T LEAVE HERE
WITHOUT YOU. I WON'T.
HMM.
YUBEL, YOU OK?
OK? WHY, OF COURSE.
I'M GREAT.
I'VE NEVER FELT STRONGER.
NOW LET'S FINISH OUR DUEL
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
SINCE YOU ACTIVATED
MIRAGE TUBE,
THAT SPELL FULLY CHARGES
MY SPELL CHRONICLE,
AND NOW YOU MUST
CHOOSE AGAIN.
ONLY TWO LEFT.
WHICH WILL YOU PICK?
I ASSUME YOU'LL PICK
GRINDER GOLEM,
THINKING THAT MIGHT LEAVE YOU
WITH A FIGHTING CHANCE.
AM I RIGHT?
I SELECT SUPER
POLYMERIZATION.
RRGH! WHAT WAS THAT?
ARE YOU MOCKING ME?
I'LL TEACH YOU.
I ACTIVATE CHAIN MATERIAL.
FROM MY DECK, MY GRAVE,
MY FIELD, AND MY HAND...
I CAN GATHER EVERY SINGLE
MONSTER LEVELS 1 THROUGH 12
TO USE AS FUSION MATERIAL.
HA HA HA!
NOW I ACTIVATE
SUPER POLYMERIZATION,
AND WITH ITS POWER,
I WILL BREAK THE BOUNDARIES
OF TIME AND SPACE AND
UNITE THE 12 DIMENSIONS.
WHEN THE 12 DIMENSIONS
BECOME ONE,
THE ENSUING EXPLOSION
WILL CREATE A NEW WORLD,
ONE WHERE ONLY YOU
AND I SHALL EXIST.
UH...
WOW. FIREWORKS?
DID JADEN WIN?
I HOPE SO.
WHAT IN BLAZES?
JADEN.
OH...
AH...
WHAT? OH... HMM.
AH, SOMETHING
IS HAPPENING!
AGH!
HA HA HA!
I'VE DONE IT.
BY DESTROYING
YOUR REALITY, I'VE WON.
YOUR WORLD IS NO MORE.
YOU AND I WILL FINALLY
BE TOGETHER FOREVER.
NOT QUITE.
WHAT?
UH!
SUPER POLYMERIZATION
ISN'T FUSING
ANY DIMENSIONS,
NOT TODAY, ANYWAY.
I CAN'T
LET THAT HAPPEN.
INSTEAD, IT'S
GOING TO FUSE US.
FUSE US?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU SEE, I ALREADY
ACTIVATED THIS CARD.
A COUNTER TRAP?
THOSE DON'T WORK ON
SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
THAT'S WHY I'M USING IT
AGAINST CHAIN MATERIAL.
WITH THIS CARD,
I'M THE ONE
WHO GETS TO PICK
WHICH MONSTERS
WILL FUSE WITH SUPER
POLYMERIZATION.
HEY, YUBEL,
I GET IT.
YOU STARTED OFF
WITH GOOD INTENTIONS,
BUT YOU
LOST YOUR WAY.
NOW I'M GONNA
HELP YOU FIND IT.
YOU'VE BEEN ALONE...
SO ALONE.
BUT YOU'RE NOT
GONNA BE ALONE
ANYMORE, YUBEL.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU SACRIFICED
AND WHY YOU DID IT.
I'LL HELP YOU FIND
THE RIGHT PATH
AGAIN,
AND TOGETHER,
WE'LL FIGHT AS ONE.
YOU WORKED HARD
TO PROTECT ME, AND I
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
FROM NOW ON,
THE SUPREME KING
AND THE GUARDIAN
WILL BE THE SAME SPIRIT.
DON'T KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS FOR ME,
BUT LET'S FIND OUT.
I ACTIVATE
SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
I FUSE MY SPIRIT
WITH YUBEL'S.
AH!
JADEN.
JADEN! OH!
THE SACRED WILL
OF THE SUPREME KING
AND MY SPIRIT
ARE NOW UNITED AS ONE.
THE GUARDIAN WILL STAND BY
THE KING'S SIDE FOR ETERNITY,
AND WHEN OUR NAMES
ARE CALLED,
WE WILL FIGHT
THE WAVES OF CHAOS
AND SAVE THE WORLD.
UH!
AH!
HUH?
OH!
AH!
WHAT WAS THAT?
QUICKLY, GO, GO!
I HOPE
EVERYBODY'S OK.
OH, NO.
THIS COULD BE BAD.
OH...
AH.
HUH?
OH.
[LAUGHS]
HMM?
HMM.
Syrus:
OH, WHY, JADEN? WHY?
[SOBBING]
Hassleberry: WHERE'S
THE SARGE, SYRUS?
OUT THERE,
AMONG THE STARS.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT
US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪